I guess in this tuto create landscape
layer materials.
How to create landscape layers like
this. I have in this tutorial I have
created six multiple uh layers grass and
ground. We can learn how to paint
nearest landscape. Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first. Uh, open the
editor and select games. Select third
person as 10 played. Project name set to
landscape players.
Hit create.
Now go to file, create new level, set
empty level, hit create.
After that, go to selection mode,
landscape.
Want to create a new landscape. Hit
create.
Okay. Now, we want to set up the light.
Go window
environment light mixer.
Create skylight. Directional light.
Okay. Create height to finally go down.
Make this stroke polytric.
Now hit save. All owners rename this
level L
0 level number one.
Return to selection mode.
Now let's go here to content draw. Add.
Go to the fab. We want to add six
layers.
inside this tutorial. Firstly is grass.
Go here
material and texture.
Choose the grass material.
More filter price set to free.
Choose one of them.
For best result, choose highest quality
as possible. For me, it's a tutorial. I
want to choose a medium quality.
Add the project.
Except downloading is begin
grass. Second material.
Close this. Add the project.
Return it.
Let's search now for
sand.
This
by desert sand
to project.
Now we have three
surfaces.
Okay. Now rocky sand.
Fine.
Okay. Now, let's search for another
material.
For example, this ground r
here.
or grow.
And let's see how many material we have.
Five.
Six.
Okay. Fine. The first step is done.
Now let's go here to content draw.
Create new material.
Nke_mat.
Drag this one right here.
Save all.
Now what we have to do is to go here
the fab mega scan surfaces
and let's begin with materials. First
one
this material I want to choose the
textures
those three. Select all of them.
Okay. First one.
Okay. Go down right here. Make material
attributes.
Base color. The base color.
normal to the normal
and this one with 31.
Okay.
Blue channel for the displacement,
green channel for the redness and the
red channel for the ambient occlusion.
Okay,
enough. Let's search for texture cordis
or landscape layer cord.
Create constant
convert to parameter
sand
speed.
Set default value to one.
Drag here and choose for multiply not
like this right here.
After that we want to
connect all of those.
Now for this one select it and go here
use material attributes.
This is layer one. Search for landscape
players.
I'm a landscape playing.
Select it. Want to ch
six.
Let's return here. The first one is
send.
Send.
There you go.
Second one.
Dry the grass there.
Dry it.
Third one.
Grass and drop it.
There
may
or
[Music]
A ground rubber layer
ground.
Fifth one.
What's the name of this day? Ultra day.
And the final one,
a rocky sand layer.
Okay. Now, let's do the same thing all
of those. First one is send.
Make it right here.
Select all of those and this. Control
Ctrl E.
Copy.
Five times. Three.
Four.
Five.
six times.
Now let's add the second texture.
Okay.
Texture. Select both string
here.
Okay. Let's go down.
connect all of them and
return to the next part.
We're finding one
Texture number three. Let's return to
syus grass and rubble.
What?
Pause. One.
Okay. Fifth one.
And the final one. Rocky sense.
Okay, let's drag this one right here.
And let's be
connect the multiply node right here.
Okay. Base color. base color normal to
the normal blue channel to displace with
the green channel for the rubbers and
the red channel for complete.
Next one.
Do the same thing for all the texture.
Blue channel displacement
brightness and the red channel for the
omelet occlusion.
Okay.
this channel for the tip tutorial
channel
displacement
textures.
Normal
armic collisions
and final displacement.
The final text
armon
where the occlusion
green channel for the roughness
channel for the displacement
does not connect all of those.
Okay, it remains one thing is to rename
the scale point scale parameter the
second scaler. What's the name of dried
grass?
Dried scala.
Third one.
Grassandra.
This
scaler
third one ground scale
on
load the scaler.
Final texture is a rocky sand scale
and scaler
hit apply.
Okay, before we save all,
I have to drag this one right here.
Apply another time.
Save all written right here.
Go to content.
Create material instance
ls and keep m instance.
Select the landscape and go down
landscape material.
Select right here and press this button.
Okay, let's add the first mot primary
material for the landscape. It looks too
black. That's not good.
To solve this problem, we have to go
ahead landscape. Go to paint after that.
Create layer from assigned material.
Press this. We have all of those
material. Let's choose first layer is
ground material. Okay. Before you do
that,
we have to create their information.
The second on
The final one is Yoki Santi.
Okay, let's choose the first layer is
the ground layer.
or the ground layer when I press the
mouse button and hit F layer.
Okay, this first one.
Now let's test sand layer have to paint
this work fine.
Second one. They're right there.
Okay,
we finding the Okay,
okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial.
See you later on next tutorial.
Subscribe to our channel for next or
tutorials like this.